[Music]
okay this is cool
ten smart ways to protect your passwords
from any cyberattack networks work like
this
your passwords are stored in secured
systems with the help of special
algorithms violators try to access these
passwords using different techniques and
over time their methods have only gotten
more and more effective so how can you
protect your private information well
avoiding the big mistakes on this list
will definitely help you out with that
but before we start don't forget to
subscribe to our channel and turn on
notifications so you won't miss a thing
alright number 10 unsecured Wi-Fi
networks there's nothing more convenient
than finding an open Wi-Fi network yeah
well there's nothing more dangerous
either unsecured Wi-Fi that doesn't
require a password to use basically has
free access to all your files as a
result all of your activity can be
monitored by a violator on the same
Wi-Fi network and that's how the
intruder can get a hold of your private
and most valuable information like
credit card numbers emails personal
photos and most importantly passwords if
you absolutely have to use open Wi-Fi
like a public hotspot just use a virtual
private network commonly known as VPN to
secure your Wi-Fi channel this way all
of your data will be safe and sound
number 9 weak encryption and a Wi-Fi
router without a pen if you're confused
about what weak encryption is don't
worry you're not alone just make sure
you always use WPA protocol it stands
for Wi-Fi protected access and is strong
enough to prevent any violators from
gaining access to your personal data
keep in mind that this setting can be
changed on the routers web page WEP
protocol which stands for wired
equivalent privacy
is way weaker so try to stay away from
it intruders can also use WPS or Wi-Fi
Protected setup its vulnerability allows
them to get Wi-Fi passwords even if he
used WPA to fight that simply turn off
the WPS method of authentication on your
routers website and you'll be fine
[Music]
number 8 unsecure sites we all know the
danger of those sketchy looking sites
yet we still click on them anyway
thinking that nothing will happen if we
do it just one time wrong sites without
the lock symbol are really suspicious
and can be used to get information from
your computer without your authorization
this happens with the help of an M IM
also known as man-in-the-middle attack
to put it simply the attacker secretly
relays and alters the communication
between people that think they're
corresponding with each other directly
also if you're dealing with sites that
require a login like bank sites check
for that green bar alongside the green
lock this tells you that everything
secure number 7
unknown programs the same thing goes for
unknown programs even if you download
them or give them access to your data
just once chances are that your personal
information will be violated allowing
programs that you're unfamiliar with or
whose names you haven't heard of might
seriously damage the security of your
computer if it's absolutely necessary or
you've already made this mistake you
might want to delete that piece of
software and run a thorough scan with
your antivirus program this will help
you detect any possible problems and
deal with them immediately number 6
giving approval to linked accounts with
unknown sites
another thing about unknown sites try
not to link your personal accounts to
them linking your Facebook or Twitter
account to a suspicious page is another
way to allow the site to gain your
private information which can easily
turn against you
there have been tons of cases where
people lost their accounts or found out
that someone was sending spam messages
from their pages and it's all because of
this blunder of course situations differ
but make sure you link your accounts
only when it's an absolute necessity
number 5
using your cell phone number as your
social media login this is a really
popular way to register these days and
almost every social networking site
allows you to use your phone number as a
login
unfortunately intruders also keep up
with the times
in fact they found a loophole in
Facebook and other social media sites
like it to gain access to personal
accounts by using the forgot your
password service it allows them to
divert the messages from your mobile
device using an SS 7 or signalling
system number 7 to protect yourself
don't link your phone number with your
social media accounts instead use your
user name or email address to log in if
you want to register use your current
email if possible number 4 skipping on
system upgrades every operating system
usually gets better with each upgrade of
course there can still be some small
bugs but the security system is
constantly improving allowing your
computer to stand strong against any
attack that's why using Windows XP or an
older version of Windows increases your
risk of getting hacked Microsoft has
even terminated security updates for
these older systems which means that
your computer can easily be hacked by
any new virus or other form of
cyberattack if you still feel like
upgrading your system isn't for you
and get a powerful antivirus to protect
your computer at least a little better
still though might want to upgrade
number three no sandbox in the software
world a sandbox is a very strictly
controlled environment where different
programs can be run if you want to be
more secure when visiting scrupulous
sites use a sandbox
it'll restrict the software in a
protected environment allowing only the
most basic resources a sandbox also
stops any additional permissions sites
try to gain access to like your computer
files or webcam if you want to visit a
suspicious site without using a sandbox
then you might as well just install a
virus straight up a lot of programs are
already sandbox
including one of the most popular web
browsers out there Google Chrome another
popular browser Mozilla Firefox doesn't
run in a sandbox though so if you use it
keep in mind that you need additional
protection number two suspicious emails
and attachments a lot of cyber attackers
use an SMTP which stands for Simple Mail
Transfer Protocol is basically an
Internet standard for transferring
emails but it also allows intruders to
insert malicious viruses spam and
phishing websites onto their victims
computer it's a little different if you
use web mail systems like Gmail or Yahoo
Mail they use their own protocols to
access email accounts on their own mail
servers but they still use SMTP when
sending or receiving messages from
outside their own systems protecting
yourself in this situation is easy
don't open unknown attachments and don't
even think about opening emails that
look like spam instead first scan the
file using your antivirus software and
always check the header of the email
it's better to do a tiny bit more now
then regret your laziness later number
one synchronize data these days
intruders have all kinds of ways of
attacking cloud servers there's a DDoS
also known as distributed denial of
service attack a man in the cloud attack
and tons of other methods they use to
gain access to all your data and
passwords
oh it's serious all right everything in
your cloud can disappear in the blink of
an eye and it's almost impossible to get
it all back so make it a strict rule to
always back up your data offline in an
external storage device like a hard
drive or a flash drive losing your
profile is pretty much nothing compared
to losing all your important data take
some time and make sure that you won't
lose anything necessary if your computer
or social media account were to be
hacked most hacker attacks happen
because people neglect such simple and
common-sense rules always weigh all the
pros and cons before breaking one of
them is it unavoidable if yes then don't
be surprised by any unpleasant
repercussions that this decision may
bring apart from that try to play it
safe and you'll be just fine so do you
have any tips of your own on how to
tackle hackers tell us in the comments
section below how to be a hacker tackler
and try saying that five times real fast
don't forget to share this video with
your friends and family so that they'll
know how to protect their private
information too remember to always stay
on the bright side of life and we'll see
you soon
[Music]
you